As the demands of modern IT infrastructure grow, the need for 
efficient and standardized methods of operating system deployment 
becomes increasingly important. 

The Kickstart method is a powerful tool that allows system 
administrators to automate the installation of Red Hat Enterprise 
Linux (RHEL) on multiple machines.

This Attune Project contains Blueprints to create RHEL Kickstart ISOs.

## Understanding Kickstart Automation

Kickstart is a technology developed by Red Hat that enables 
administrators to automate the installation process of RHEL. 
Instead of manually configuring each installation, Kickstart uses a 
predefined configuration file, commonly referred to as a Kickstart 
file, to specify various installation settings. These settings 
include language preferences, partitioning schemes, package 
selection, network configuration, and more. The Kickstart file 
essentially scripts the installation process, allowing for 
consistent and repeatable deployments.

## Advantages of Automated Kickstarting

Automating the installation of RHEL using Kickstart offers several 
key benefits:

1. **Time Efficiency:** Manual installation can be time-consuming, 
especially when dealing with multiple machines. Kickstart 
automates the process, saving significant time and effort.

2. **Consistency:** Automated installations ensure that each 
instance is configured identically, reducing the risk of errors 
caused by manual intervention.

3. **Reduced Human Error:** Manual installations can lead to 
mistakes or variations in configuration. Kickstart eliminates these 
errors by following a predefined script.

4. **Standardisation:** Kickstart promotes standardized 
configurations across the organization, simplifying management and 
troubleshooting.
